hello again my friends as we all know
bungee has remained pretty tight-lipped
about destiny specific gameplay details
instead they've been masterfully teasing
us on a weekly basis with their mail
sack of cheeky little scamp's offering
tantalizing glimpses of their new
universe but never actually revealing
key gameplay details like competitive
multiplayer but fret not by info hungry
friends over the past few weeks I've
been diligently gathering all the juicy
tidbits of info I could find on
Destiny's competitive multiplayer from
numerous interviews and articles and
squeeze them into this here video and
let me tell you it makes for some pretty
interesting viewing so then competitive
multiplayer yes destiny will definitely
have it in fact bungee is made it very
clear that destiny is built on a strong
foundation of both court and competitive
play and see if you love competitive
multiplayer then you'll love destiny
when asked whether the competitive side
of destiny is getting as much work into
it is campaign Bungie replied destiny
will provide you with activities for
every mood sometimes you want to form up
a fireteam to route the Cabal from the
buried city on Mars other times you want
to battle against your fellow players to
see who's the fairest guardian of them
all so guys it's confirmed there will be
player these player competitive
multiplayer in destiny now this is where
things start getting really interesting
because bhanji has also revealed that
the story that evolves out of the
competitive multiplayer match is
different to the kind of story that will
see in campaign mode here's how Bungie
explains it the critical thing that's
new thrust and reading you for
first-person shooters is that your
character will journey through all these
different modes you build your Guardians
legend from the items that you get out
of the campaign and the items that you
earn from competitive multiplayer and it
will all feed seamlessly into your story
over time you grow this character in new
and unexpected ways and the armor get
you find and the weapons that you find
become a part of you too and those
evolved as well
it's our intention that as you continue
to grow your heroic character there are
real choices in the world that matter
and new things you can find to change
who you are pretty awesome right Bungie
has even hinted at a shared currency
between the various modes so the loot
that you earn in both campaign and
multiplayer can be used to purchase
spacecraft armor and weapons and get
this in an interview with Arjun Bungie
said in destiny we're not going to do
that crappy thing that happened in the
old Halo games where you don't show up
in co-op cutscenes which if you ask me
is a small tweak that will make a big
difference to how the game plays co-op
will truly feel co-op if both players
show up in the cutscenes it's a great
little addition now guys spongy is over
10 solid years experience in crafting
addictive and balanced competitive
multiplayer and exhilarating court
campaigns they'll use that vast
experience to make destiny something
special and on a far more epic scale I
know it's frustrating the details are
still scarce but give bhanji the benefit
of the doubt on this one in one of their
most recent interviews with yahoo Bungie
ruled that we're playing the game our
desks everyday colliding unexpectedly
with other players fighting alongside
them in a sandbox filled with all new
enemies and weapons being recognized and
rewarded by investment systems that we
are quite ready to talk about you
Destiny's turning out to be something
really special maybe even a
transformative experience for the
shooter genre and you know what guys I
believe them I'll leave you with this
bungee has hinted that destiny will be
hands-on playable at e3 2013 thumbs up
if you enjoyed the video and don't
forget to subscribe to this channel for
all the latest destiny news and as
always guys thanks for watching you
beautiful bastards what's that are here
rumbling in the distance me thinks it's
a boom
you